for three days there is day and again
shows today there should be something else
I want to promise you that
redeem
a vegan dish it called him
on the ground
for today's court you need
Eggplant tomatoes onions and onions
olive oil additionally chopped parsley
garlic tomato paste salt and pepper
Knicks in a big bowl of water
Put it on and add salt to it
shaped eggplant zebra stripes
cut the black should be like that
be as low as possible because that's relative
bitter is then once in the middle
cut through
if he has narrow long aubergines
then you can just do it all over
leave and the aubergines then about 20
minutes in the water
I complain about that with a plate
then do my teapot on it and
let the whole 20 minutes just like that
cold water then become a big one
just have a bit of oil
and the eggplants dry up and on
All then distribute with aluminum foil
cover and circulate at 200 degrees 30
for minutes
there you can
now cut the whole vegetables small
the onions parsley and the paprika
I have the yellow paprika for me
side we need for the
Deko I still owe you as always
a turkish word and fitting today
on the subject itself vegetables now
still cut the tomatoes in the
In the meantime, I have cooked water
because we want to peel the tomatoes and
For that you have to short the tomatoes
just blanch into the hot
water to give 30 seconds long in
pull and then with a
get out ladle and short
scare off
then you can easily skin them
and cut eight decorative ones
I cut off one sixth
tomato ever and then stop by one
another two slices and the other
rest i just cut myself into small ones
fine dice
we'll make the filling out of it right away
and now the yellow peppers
each in four parts cut the green
what I got but I get the kernels
out because I think so nice with
heat the green in a saucepan
and fry the onions in a glassy sauce
before I give the cloves of garlic
you can really use the press through it
finely chop
I'll smear it with the onions
in oil
I used a lot of oil because
that is a flavor
Now I give the paprika heat
So the non-decorative paprika and
I also roast my tomato paste with me
lawyer there is a very nice
taste only the tomatoes inside
then add all the salt and pepper
and briefly I still have a pinch of sugar
Added to and so on shortly drove on
tip and then you can already
parsley in there and yes that
eggplants are ready now and with
help of two forks I'm there
Now she wants to be so cool
can fill in salt now and then
can you fill it already
only the tomatoes and the peppers
distribute on it and the whole at 160
degrees circulating for another 20 to 25
minutes to bake until, so to speak, the peppers
lose their structure a bit and
then you can serve it too
I wish you a good appetite
euro decided
there was